Uhh, I came across this really funny website the other day. It's, umm, designed to where people can anonymously send an e-mail to an annoying coworker.
Mmm hmm.
Saying things like, "You really need to use deodorant [laughter] but we're too shy to tell you" and they, you know, you just put in their e-mail address.
Okay.
Umm, and it got me thinking about annoying coworkers.
Okay.
Can Do you have any memories of particularly irritating and annoying people at work?
Well, I don't remember anyone who was smelly, ummm.
[laughter].
But there was there was one guy who was rather irritating, umm, he was, actually, he was someone who I, who I answered to, he was.
He was your manager?
He was yeah he was, he was a manager at my department.
Uh huh.
And..umm what he would do would be if myself... or... or... and one of my colleagues were having a conversation that was in any way, uhh, related to something other than the immediate job that we were working on.
Uh huh.
He would, uhh, jump in there and and and, uhh, tell us off! For doing it.
Really?
For doing it yeah!
For just chatting while you were working?
Yeah, oh yeah! It it it could be you could be sitting at your desk and your friend is sitting across from you and you could say, "So you have a good weekend, Steve?" and before you've even got a chance to start the conversation, you know, our boss would, would chip in and say "Ah, gentlemen I don't think that's work-related, could we have a bit less chatter please?"
[laughter] No! Did he..
And he did actually use to speak like that as well.
Really?
Yeah, that was, that was, his tone of voice was annoying but that wasn't the point, it was, it was just that he wouldn't allow non-work-related topics of conversation. Which okay.
That's right, because everyone knows that we all work much better and more efficiently when we're miserable.
[Laughter] Well, yeah That's uhh, I.. he.. I don't think he cared about that, but, okay, I mean, if if if that was  If it was going to be a very draconian and strict regime at work, then I guess that's fair enough. But it wasn't a two-way system and and and this was what was particularly annoying, because when it was lunch time or break time this same manager would not be averse to approaching me and asking me about work-related issues whilst I was trying to eat my lunch or, you know, whilst I was.
OK, and you were on, then, on your own time not on company time while you're eating lunch.
Oh yeah! Yeah, this this is company allotted, daily company time when you know you're supposed to go out and have a cigarette and do whatever you do on your break time.
But it's really considered your own personal time.
Absolutely! Yeah.
Your break from work.
Yeah.
And he had no problems encroaching on YOUR time.
No no.
OK.
No no. that was so...
He sounds like somewhat of a jerk..
It was a... He was a hypocrite, for sure.
Can you do the voice again?
The voice, oh he used to speak like that "But I don't think this is very work related, so think we should stop now."
OK, let's stop now.
